[eas-cli] Add flag to emit build meta (#2451)
expo/eas-cli: packages/eas-cli/README.md

  --channel=<value>                 Channel that the published update should affect
  --clear-cache                     Clear the bundler cache before publishing
  --group=<value>                   Update group to republish (deprecated, see republish command)

>   --emit-build-meta                 Emit "eas-update-metadata.json" in the bundle folder with detailed informations about the generated bundle(s)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  --emit-metadata                   Emit "eas-update-metadata.json" in the bundle folder with detailed information about the generated updates
```

Author: makes sense, i will amend!
